Remove unused fields from KubeRay operator and RayCluster charts (#839)
ray-project/kuberay: helm-chart/kuberay-operator/README.md

  helm install kuberay-operator .
  ```

> * Install KubeRay operator only: Use Helm's built-in `--skip-crds` flag. See [this document](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install KubeRay operator without installing CRDs: Use Helm's built-in `--skip-crds` flag. See [this document](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/) for more details.
```

> * Install KubeRay operator without installing CRDs: Use Helm's built-in `--skip-crds` flag. See [this document](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/) for more details.

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to add a brief summary of why you might want to do this? I actually couldn't figure it out from the linked doc either.

The previous two bullet points (install stable version, install nightly version) are more self-explanatory, so they don't need a summary

Reviewer: You should probably also mention how to install _just the CRDs_

Author: Good point. I will update it.
